Technical Documentation:
To begin, this advneture game came from my own imagination and creation. It is a mysterious adventure game. The user will have to make certain decision or choices/actions to continue on their journey. One wrong answer or option and the game is automatically over. However, with 5 correct ansers or options chosen in a row, the game is won! Currently, the game was made using python and is hosted on Pythonanywhere.In order to start the game there are a few questions the user will have to answer. These include: user's name, and the question of wether or not they would like to begin the game. Answering these simple questions will automatically start the adventure game. the user will then play and test their luck and skills. The theme of the game is for it to be mysterious so, each chapter and module of the five are all different. it keeps the game interesting, different and fun. There are currently no external services and as mentioned before, the adventure game wascreated/programmed using Python Idle. It will run on any technical device such as a laptop or desktop. Within the code there are various operators and strings used. To build/run the program you would simply go on Python Anywhere to ply/access it or you could also recieve it from me and run it on your platform as well or use python. The architecture of this game/code was an event-driven structure/plan. I was given a deadline and had to work from there. It was mostly creational, structural, and behaviorial.    
